Add `netdata_healthcheck_target` configuration (#7)
felipecrs/netdata-hass-addon: netdata/DOCS.md

Note that `lm-sensors` comes preinstalled already.

### Option: `netdata_healthcheck_target`

> Change or disable the default docker health check from Netdata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to control how the docker health checks from Netdata run. For example: `cli`.
```
